doc: Merges CLOUDP-274025 docs & examples branch - DONT MERGE YET (#3079)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: examples/migrate_cluster_to_advanced_cluster/module_user/README.md

# Module User - `mongodbatlas_cluster` to `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster`

> The purpose of this example is to demonstrate the User experience when migrating from `mongodbatlas_cluster` to `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The purpose of this example is to demonstrate the experience of adopting a new version of a terraform module definition which internally migrated from `mongodbatlas_cluster` to `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster`.
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks! Changed in 9d3c89252ff66dfe1b0fb1bc840b424603b7bfec

Each module call represent a step on the migration path.

> The example focus on the call of the module rather than the module implementation itself (see the [module maintainer README.md](../module_maintainer/README.md) for the implementation details)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The example focus on the call of the module rather than the module implementation itself (see the [module maintainer README.md](../module_maintainer/README.md) for the implementation details).
```

Migration Step Code | `mongodbatlas` version | Config Changes | Plan Changes
--- | --- | --- | ---
[Step 1](./v1) | `<= 1.27.0` | Baseline configuration | -
[Step 2](./v2) | `>= 1.27.0` | Only change to `v2` module version | No changes. Only moved.
[Step 3](./v3) | `>= 1.27.0` | Usage of new variables to support multi-cloud and independent shard scaling | Yes (new features)

The rest of this example is a step by step guide on how to migrate from `mongodbatlas_cluster` to `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster`:

> - [Dependencies](#dependencies)

Reviewer 3: should this be an ordered list? If so, you can probably remove the "step x" references from the link text. please also add periods after each step here

Reviewer 2: Same comment as previous readme. Prefer keeping unordered to align with table above and as it is not a strict order
